Code of Conduct

Our Pledge

In the spirit of making the community a better place, we are dedicated to making a program that is hassle free, regardless of the individuals age, body size, disability, sex characteristics, gender, etc. No matter who the person is, this program will satisfy those who use it.

Our Standards

Some examples of behavior that is acceptable in creating a positive environment include:
    Welcoming language
    Being respectable
    Being accepting of everyone
    Focusing on whats best for the community
    Showing compassion to the community

Some examples of behavior that is unacceptable by participants include:
    The use of sexual language
    Use of insulting language
    Harrassment to others
    Publishing other individuals private information without that persons approval

Our Responsibility

We as the project maintainers have a responsibility to clarify the standards of acceptable behavior and will take appropriate action towards any misconduct found in the program.

Also as project maintainers, we have the right and the power to remove, edit, or reject any and all commits, code, wiki edits, or any type of issue that isn't complying with the Code of Conduct.

Scope

This Code of Conduct applies both within the project itself and outside in public spaces when this project is represented in the community. Some examples of representation of the project in the community include using the project's email address, posting via an official media account, or representing thorugh an online or offline event.

Enforcement

Acts of abuse, harrassment, or any type of unacceptable behavior will be reported by contacting the project team at cmb286@pitt.edu. All complaints will be reviewed and investigated and a response will be given depending on how bad thecircumstances are. Further details of specific enforcementpolicies will be handled seperately.

In extreme cases, breaking the Code of Conduct will result in court hearings and the rare but very much possible human sacrifice.

Attribution

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the Contributer Convenant, version 1.4, available at https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/code-of-conduct.html

For answers to common questions about this code of conduct, see https://www.contributor-covenant.org/faq
